Refactor: partition_assignment_strategy to accept enumerated values (#25)
logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka: CHANGELOG.md

## 10.1.0
  - updated kafka client (and its dependencies) to version 2.4.1 ([#16](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka/pull/16))
  - added the input `client_rack` parameter to enable support for follower fetching
  - added the output `partitioner` parameter for tuning partitioning strategy
  - Refactor: normalized error logging a bit - make sure exception type is logged
  - Fix: properly handle empty ssl_endpoint_identification_algorithm [#8](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka/pull/8)

>   - Refactor: partition_assignment_strategy to accept enumerated values ([#25](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka/pull/25))

Reviewer: Since we made this change to make configuration easier, we should lead with that.

```suggestion
  - Refactor : made `partition_assignment_strategy` option easier to configure by accepting simple values from an enumerated set instead of requiring lengthy class paths ([#25](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka/pull/25))
```
